TLDR Adapter config table (we'll be speaking with Benoit about this PR) (#7163)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs.md

- use the reference doc structure for this article/split into separate articles
--->

> | Configuration    | Description    | 

Reviewer: a few comments:
- [x] sugg having a nice intro sentence to this so users know what the table is? 
- [x] also for consistency purposes, should you consolidate some of the rows so it matches the headers? right now, it seems like you've added multiple rows for a header (e.g. dataset and project).  some of the other rows just highlight the h2s 

so for example, suggest:

Add intro sentence here.....

| Configuration    | Description    | 
|------------------|----------------|
|[`Project and dataset`](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#use-project-and-dataset-in-configurations)| `schema` and `project` are equivalent to a `dataset` and `project`, respectively, in BigQuery.|
|[Table partitioning and clustering](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#partition-clause)| Use `partition_by` to partition tables and reduce query latency and cost. <br /> Clustered tables in BigQuery use a user-defined column sort order to enhance query performance and reduce costs. |
....

same with label and tags

|------------------|----------------|
|[`dataset`](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#use-project-and-dataset-in-configurations)|`schema` is equivalent to a `dataset` in BigQuery.|
|[`project`](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#use-project-and-dataset-in-configurations)|`database` corresponds to a `project` in BigQuery.|
|[`partition_by`](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#partition-clause)|`partition_by` partitions tables. It helps in reducing query latency and cost. Partition pruning works only with literal filters, not subqueries.|
|[`cluster_by`](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#clustering-clause)|Clustered tables in BigQuery use a user-defined column sort order to enhance query performance and reduce costs.|

> |[KMS encryption](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#managing-kms-encryption)|Key Management Service (KMS) encryption &mdash; method of encrypting data using managed encryption keys provided by cloud services like Google Cloud KMS|

Reviewer: this might be just me but i feel like the description should describe the config? rather than explain what kms means, which is already explained in the linked bq doc:

```suggestion
|[KMS encryption](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#managing-kms-encryption)| Configure [customer managed encryption keys](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/customer-managed-encryption) for BigQuery tables using the `kms_key_name` model configuration. |

```

|[`labels`](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#specifying-labels)|Can be provided in a model config, or in the `dbt_project.yml` and used for the tables and views that it creates.|
|[`tags`](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#specifying-tags)|Used to label and categorize resources (such as datasets, tables, and projects) for organization, access control, and cost tracking.|

> |[Merge behavior (incremental models)](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#merge-behavior-incremental-models)|The `incremental_strategy` config controls how dbt builds incremental models, using a merge statement in BigQuery to refresh tables. The following strategies are supported &mdash; `append`, `insert_overwrite` and [`microbatch`](/docs/build/incremental-microbatch).|

Reviewer: 🔥

|[Controlling table expiration](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#controlling-table-expiration)|dbt-created tables never expire (default). Use setting `hours_to_expiration` to configure certain model(s) to expire after a set number of hours.|

> |[`Authorized views`](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#authorized-views)|When `grant_access_to` is specified for a view model, dbt grants it access to select from the listed datasets.|

Reviewer: why is `Authorized views` in code blocks?

> |[Materialized views](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#materialized-views)|See table for more information.|

Reviewer: can we give a bit more description here? what table? what does this do?

> |[`Python models`](/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs#python-models)|The BigQuery adapter supports Python models with the `enable_list_inference` and `intermediate_format` configuration parameters.|

Reviewer: 🔥
